# Colophon

## Overview

This is a "hypertext workbook" created by [[Person/Peter Kaminski]] that captures many of the topics discussed during the OGM Thursday call of 2021-10-28.  It has taken four or five hours to produce to this level of completion, which seems like a lot for what it is.  However, even though it's taken a fair bit of time to produce, it's a useful artifact, and a prototype I've learned a lot from, and seems like a good return on investment.

Think of it as an experiment, or a tech and content demonstration. It is not a completed work; in particular, it captures a good deal of the call, but not all of it.  Also, while I quite like some of the conventions in this version of this kind of workbook, there are other conventions that I would change in subsequent workbooks.

While it's viewable as a website, as generated by [Massive Wiki Builder](https://github.com/peterkaminski/massivewikibuilder), MWB does not yet provide website features such as backlinks, search, or graph visualization that make this workbook more interesting and fun to use.

For a more complete experience, use a Markdown wiki navigator such as [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) to view, navigate, and edit this workbook.  I think you would enjoy it.  Just download the [ogm-thursday-2021-10-28 zip file](https://github.com/OpenGlobalMind/ogm-thursday-2021-10-28/archive/refs/heads/main.zip), unzip it, and open the resulting folder as a vault in Obsidian.

Please, I would love to have comments, corrections, or additions to this workbook.  Send me an email (<mailto:kaminski@istori.com>), or add a comment or issue on the [GitHub/ogm-thursday-2021-10-28 repo](https://github.com/OpenGlobalMind/ogm-thursday-2021-10-28/issues), or clone, modify, and generate a pull request.  I'm happy to help you navigate any of the GitHub-based ways of collaborating with me on this workbook.

## OGM Thursday Call of 2021-10-28

- [2021-10-28 OGM Call in Jerry's Brain](https://bra.in/3jLbLN)
- 

## Plus

_things I like_

## Delta

_things I would change_

## Process and Tools

_how this workbook was made_

## Rough Transcript and Chat

- [[Rough Transcript]]
- [[Zoom Chat]]
